Let's know fetch values from are x.
Regarding the training module I mean we're using the training data.
It's all the training the data management the training module in a couple of components in the training
component here.
We got our exercise subscription.
We don't need it anymore.
We're only interested in whether we get the ongoing training or not.
And we can get that information directly from our store.
So what I'll do is all go back to my training reducer at the bottom and add a new selector where I don't
just get the active training but get information whether we are in an exercise so get is training maybe
and I get a selector or I create a selector where of course get my training state.
But then I don't return the act of training but I return the information of whether or not this is null
and if it's not NULL this means with a simple check you're to all cover undefined.
So if it's not null then this means that we are training.
Now if this news selector added We can go back to the training component and there we have to inject
the story now.
So let's add import First of all import store from ET and you are expr store and that's all the import
everything as from training
from our training reducer here.
And now I can inject the store here in the constructor of the training component private store of type
store which in the end wraps my from training state of course.
Now we can use Stadt in engine in it instead of our exercise subscription here where I just switched
ongoing training.
Instead no ongoing training will be an observable.
So an observable which in the end gives is a boolean and observe both just as subscriptions as learned
should be imported from our x.
J.S. So now here is an NGO and in it all said ongoing training equal to this store is select from training.
And now I get my get is training selector.
This will give us an observable which will eventually give us true or false because we define to select
for down there in the training reducer and there we have our selector where our logic is to check whether
we got an act of training or not.
So back in a training component then here we got our selector who are storing this in this very low
energy destroyer is something we can now get rid of because we don't need to unsubscribe from that.
And this also means I can remove the word.
And now any training component aged female file where we need that information we wrap ongoing training
with parentheses if we check the opposite at the dollar sign and use the casing pipe.
And down there we just add the dollar sign and use the async pipe to extract the value eventually.
Now with that we got the first place where we use the training information.
I of course also want to use it in the Abra files for example in new training in new training.
We have a subscription to get all available exercises now exercise this year will be turned into an
observable to and observable that will eventually hold an array of exercises.
So just as we transformed is loading we're now transforming the exercises property in the new training
component.
Now we're already injecting the store but the wrong one with the wrong state.
We should instead take the state from training for the same reason as before because of the lazy loading.
So let's simply inject that from dot slash draining reducer.
Reps one level up though.
So this is the from training state which we should use here which again extends deep state but also
has the extra training state.
Now where is loading where we actually need to get this from the root state.
We should still add the old him or again and import everything else from root from our app reducer and
simply to get the type imported correctly.
So now here in from for is loading from root get loading is still working.
But we can also now connect this exercises and set it equal to this store select from training now for
this part get a weight lable exercises so we can use both your D injected store has it both.
Does this just so that we get the right completion.
Now this is the one thing we still want to have fetch exercise to start.
This is correct.
We don't need energy on the stroy because we got no subscription anymore from which we would need to
unsubscribe so we can remove the on the stroy interface and import.
And now we have to work on the new training component on the template there we check if we got exercises.
Now this should use the casing pipe to extract the extra size array.
And of course we need the dollar sign.
And here are the same.
We're looping through exercises where we should use the async pipe and at the bottom where we all to
check for exercises we all need da sink pipe and dollar sign.
And if we check the opposite to keep the right order we all need parentheses.
Now let's have a first look at our application.
Let's log in and see what's going on.
It's actually looking good.
I'm loading my exercises here.
Duration was a bit off I guess and I'm not really loading my finished exercises but that is working.
We just need to work on the duration.
So let's continue this part in the next lecture.